---
layout: post
title: oral
date: 2024-12-17 21:02 +0800
description:
image:
category: [English]
tags: []
published: true
sitemap: false
---



Tell me about yourself.（介绍一下你自己。）

- Thank you for this opportunity to have a phone interview for the position with your company.

   Good morning, ladies and gentlemen

  I'm happy to introduce myself today.

  Good morning . Thanks for taking your time .

  My name is shengxingsheng. I'm from Xinyang, Henan and I'm 25 years old. I graduated from Jiangsu maritime institute in 2025 with a major in marine engineering. 

  There are four people in my family: my father my mother my sister and me.

  My family supports me in becoming a seafarer.

  In my free time. I enjoy reading Economics books，listening to music and playing sports. These hobbies not only enrich my life i,but also help me relax.

  I'm a person with a positive attitude towards life. I believe that with hard work and a positive mindset, anything is possible.

  I'm also a good team player and enjoy working with others to achieve common goals.

  So I think I am suitable for working in the Engine room.
  
  I hope to become a Chief engineer in the next fifteen years.
  
  I have finished my introduction. Thanks for your listening.



Why do you want to work here?（为什么想在这家公司工作？）

-   wallem has a history of 122 years and manages over 200 ships. I think this is very impressive and I want to work here

What are your strengths?（你的优势是什么？）

- One of my strengths is my adaptability.I'm quick to learn and handle new challenges

I will listen carefully, help my team, and respect everyone's ideas

science fiction科幻 Interstellar星际穿越

Because the wages of oil tankers are high and I want to challenge myself.因为油船的工资高

*"My hometown, Henan, is known for a type of green tea called* ***Xinyang Maojian***—it’s famous for its fresh aroma and smooth taste.





- Tell me about yourself
- What are your hobbies?
- What is your greatest strength?
- Why do you want to work here?
