---
layout: post
title: en-Read
date: 2025-02-19 11:47 +0800
description:
image:
category: [FourthEnginner]
tags: [en]
published: true
sitemap: false
---

# 朗读

Passage 1

   A person who wants to be a Marine Engineer must be prepared to spend a long period of time in training. Normally, a young man will enroll with a college which offers a course in marine engineering after completing ‘O’ levels. The course offered by marine colleges normally consists of a period of full time study and a period of industrial training in shipyards and on board ships. The subjects usually covered are thermodynamics, mechanics, materials, control, mathematics, electrical, naval architecture, maritime laws , workshop skills , engineering drawing, etc. The course duration may vary with the different colleges. Normally, there will be 2 years of classroom study, followed by from 6 months to 1 year of practical training. There may be another year of final classroom study after this.

- prɪˈperd、ˈpɪriəd、ɪnˈroʊl

Passage 2

   Sea training is done when the marine engineer has accumulated sufficient knowledge to enable him to go to sea on an ocean. This is the time when he can live the life of a seaman. The cadet marine engineer receives his uniform as an officer. He usually undergoes his apprenticeship under the 2nd engineer, who will assign him duties. Because various engineers have specific duties and responsibilities, the cadet engineer may be assigned to help other engineers during his tour of duty on board ship. The sea training can be anything from 6 months to 1 year , depending on the college he attends , and the requirement of the various country’s government which issue out marine certificates of competency.



Passage 3

   The marine engineer has to be a jack of all trade, especially in engineering. He has to know all bout the mechanical and electrical engineering involved in the operation and maintenance of a ship. He has to be able to service all the machinery without help from outside. He has to maintain the machinery in good running condition, so that they can last for many years, and especially during the voyage from one end of the earth to the other.. The machinery is designed to be run continuously for the whole voyage, which in many instances will be a month or so . Any breakdown in machinery, or piping, or steel structure will have to be repaired as best as can be done while the ship is still at sea. Any leaks in piping, propeller shaft, machinery, tanks, will have to be repaired, or at least patched up temporarily until the next stop.

 

 

Passage 4

Shipping has its own tradition and practices, Names like bosun, AB, OS, Greaser, GP, are some of the titles given to certain personnel on board a ship. Parts of a ship like bow , stern , starboard, port , bridge, telegraph, aft peak tank , double bottom, shaft tunnel , stern tube, and many others are common on board a ship, but hardly heard of on the land.

Marine engineering became a profession at the dawn of the engine driven ship. The basic concept of propulsion has remained pretty much the same, but there were many improvements since then. Many of the marine disaster like the sinking of the Titanic, major oil spillage’s , collisions , and many others , set the stage for international regulations and conventions on safety of life at sea , marine pollution and many others.

 

Passage 5

“All work and no play makes jack a dull boy.” The seamen have to have some leisure activities in order to relax. Some larger ships have all the luxuries like swimming pools, gymnasiums , and sports room. Smaller ships have only the officer’s lounge. When space is limited, indoor games like darts, cards , are played in the officer’s lounge. Movies, videos are freely available. Books, magazines are also available, usually donated by seamen mission. Serious study for professional advancement like competency exams can also be done during the leisure time. 

Even games like table tennis can be played. If there is no sports room, the table may be placed along the alleyways between the cabins. To play table tennis while the ship is rolling is quite an art . Not only the ball moves, but also the player moves because of the ship movement.

 

Passage 6

It is an exciting time for everyone on board when the ship arrives in port. The radios and television begin to receive foreign programs. The language are different, the **advertisements** are different , and all the music is different. The latest hits of that country becomes the normal songs heard everywhere . The people are different , the whole environment changes. Some seamen pick up a few foreign languages while they are at sea so that they can converse easily when they arrive at a foreign country.

Many seamen take the opportunity to travel by themselves or as a group to all the curious nooks and corners of the port, or to surrounding towns. If time permits , tours are organized to famous spots perhaps 100 miles away from the port.

 

Passage 7

Refrigeration is needed on board a cargo ship for storing of food provisions. Food provisions are stored in cold rooms . The cold room are demarcated for various temperatures.

The rooms for storing meat and fish are set at minus 25oC , while those used for vegetables are set at 10`c . when the proper temperatures are maintained , the food can last very long . This is required if the ship were to travel for long voyages lasting several months . The lack of fresh food it can be demoralizing for the seamen at sea. It is the engineer’s job to make sure that the refrigeration system works well all the time.

The refrigeration system on board ship is not much different from land installations , using refrigerant like R-22 , compressor , evaporator , and condenser. 

 

Passage 8

The air-conditioning system on a cargo ship is usually a simple direct expansion ducted system. It must also be able to provide heating during cold weather . Usually steam coils are provided for heating , and injected steam for control of humidity .

As in refrigeration system , the air conditioning system uses seawater for cooling . A shell and tube type of heat exchanger is installed for that purpose . It has its own cooling seawater pump.

The air conditioning system sometimes trips when the cooling system flow is reduced or the sea temperature is high. The heavily polluted river waters in some ports can sometimes cause the cooling water strainers to choke up with plastic bags as often as every 4 hours . A ship traveling through the Red Sea can experience air conditioning system tripping at the control room because the sea temperature is high , and the heating load is high.

 

Passage 9

Oily water separators are used to separate oil from bilge water before the latter is pumped overboard . On the tank top of the engine room, we can very often find water . The water usually comes from the pump and valve packing glands , leaks , spills , washing water , air reservoir drains , and many other sources . Over a period of time , water accumulates as bilge water.

   The oily water separator works on the principle of coalescing small oil droplets in the water to form larger oil drops . When the oil drops become large enough, the lower density oil drops floats up and collects at the top of the vessel . The water remains at the lower portion and is pumped overboard . The oil layer is pumped into an oily bilge tank which can be pumped out at an oil collecting facility when the ship arrives at a port.

 

Passage 10

  Steam boilers are used either as main machinery for propulsion , as in steam ships , or as auxiliary machinery in motor ships.

Because of this difference , the size and pressures of the steam boilers in steam ships will be very much larger than that in motor ships . The dryness of the steam produced will also be different.

Basically , the boiler is a huge pressurized kettle , using fire to heat water to a boil and extracting the steam. The steam is used to channel heat energy from the fire to power machines , or to heat remotely located areas . 

All the steamships use water tube boilers because of the higher pressures , but many motor-ships use fire tube boilers for lower pressures.

 

 

Passage 11

The ship traveling on long voyages must be able to generate their own fresh water for the boilers, machinery and for washing. Fresh Water Generators are installed to convert the seawater from the sea to freshwater.

The most common type makes use of the distillation process. Using the heat from the engines, the seawater is evaporated into vapor. This vapor is then led into a cooling section and it condenses into water again distilled water. The cooling section consists of tubes or plates which uses sea water as the cooling agent. 

The air inside the evaporation chamber is evacuated to a near vacuum, so that the boiling point of water becomes lower. It then becomes possible to evaporate the seawater at a temperature of about 40`C. 

 

 

 

Passage 12 

Water pumps are normally of centrifugal type . The impeller inside the pump casing is rotated to a high speed of about 1450 rpm. flinging the water out by centrifugal force from the center towards the edges. By means of specially shaped volute housing or by means of diffuser plates. the high velocity water stream is converted to a lower speed, pressurized water at the discharge of the pump. 

Oil pumps are usually positive displacement pumps. Because the moving parts have very close fit, oil is needed to provide a lubricating film between the surfaces. 

Some common positive displacement pumps in use on board ships are gear pumps, screw pumps. piston and plunger pumps, vane pumps, and lobe pumps. All of these pumps have pressure relief valves installed at the discharge side. 

 

Passage 13 

The engine telegraph is a device with a pointer and handle, which is used to convey orders between the bridge and the engine. room. Orders like dead slow ahead , half astern, full ahead, stop , are some examples of orders. When the personnel on the bridge move the handle of the telegraph on the bridge, there is a corresponding movement of the pointer of the engine room telegraph together with the sound of a gong. The engineer maneuvering the engine at the engine room on hearing the gong and the movement of the pointer will acknowledge the order by moving the handle to the same indication. The gong will then stop sounding. 

 

Passage 14 

When the ship arrives at a port, the ship has to prepare for maneuvering. This is a critical period as any loss of propulsion, or steering, can lead to collision, grounding, or other damage to the ship. 

The navigation officer on the bridge will give the engineer in the engine room one-hour notice to prepare for maneuvering while the ship is still proceeding towards the port. The messages are all recorded in a maneuvering book, indicating the exact time the notice was given. Later on , throughout the maneuvering, all the orders through the engine telegraph are also recorded in the book. 

 

Passage 15 

As the ship draws near to port, the order may come from the bridge to slow down to certain speed. Usually the ship will stop to pick up a pilot to assist in the maneuvering. The pilot will have local knowledge on the location of markers, shallow areas, tides, and currents. The pilot wil1 give the orders to transmitted to the engine room from then onwards. 

Usually tugboats will assist the ship to go along side the wharves at the port. These take orders from the pilot. The seamen at both fore and aft of the ship will throw up rope lines to the shore men. The ship will go ahead , astern in small steps and eventually be tied up securely at the wharf. 

Once the ship is tied up the final order from the bridge will be Finished with Engines. 

 

Passage 16 

During the one-hour notice for maneuvering, the engineer has to prepare the engines for maneuvering. Extra electrical generators have to be started up and synchronized so that there is sufficient electrical capacity to prevent blackout due to overloading of the generators. At this period, many other machines will be started up, e.g.  mooring winches, cargo winches, cargo cranes, anchor winches, and others. 

For main diesel engines, the starting air supply is opened up. The sir reservoirs are shared so that the maximum capacity of air is available for engine starting. The main engine fuel oils are gradually changed over from heavy C oil to light diesel engine, anticipating the loss of heating of the fuel oil due to the slowing down of the main engines. 

 

Passage 17 

One of the most important knowledge that a Marine Engineer has to know is how to prevent and put off fires. Should a big fire occur in a ship, there is almost no other place to go except the surrounding seas. Tankers carry flammable oils. Engines use fuel oils. Boilers use furl oils or gas. Gas welding or cutting repair work uses flammable gases. There is a strong possibility of fire if they are not careful or vigilant. To understand how a fire can start , we have to know the concept of the Fire Triangle. A fire can only start when there is fuel, heat and oxygen. The 3 sides of a triangle represent this fact . If one of these is absent or removed, the fire does not exist anymore. So to prevent fires, the best thing to do is to isolate either one of them or better still, all of them. 

 

Passage 18 

A typical modern ship relies on the combustion of fuel oil to power her engines. No matter whether it is a steam ship powered by steam turbine, or a motor ship powered by diesel engines, a tremendous amount of fuel oil is consumed during a voyage. A ship has to store enough fuel oil to last throughout its voyage. It would indeed be a disaster if a ship were caught in the middle of the vast ocean without fuel. 

Because of its importance, the Chief Engineer is directly in charge of the fuel. He has to keep track of its usage and its remaining quantity, at any time during a voyage. He has to order sufficient quantity in a timely manner and to use it efficiently. For economical reasons, he must not take in too much excess fuel because it would weigh down the ship. 

Bunkering is a term used for receiving heavy fuel oil, diesel oil and lubrication oil directly pumped into the tanks of a ship, for its own engines. 

 

Passage 19 

Toot.... toot. . . toot..., toot.,, Loot.. + . toot,. . . tooooooooot. Six short blasts on the horn followed by a long blast. All of us on board know this by heart. It means ?Abandon Ship!

Luckily, this is not the real thing! It is just a drill. Seamen working on foreign-going ships often have lifeboat and fire drills. The voyages are long and very often the ship is the only Large object in the vast ocean for hundreds of mils. 

The temperature outside the ship was cold, the sky was cloudy, but the sea was relatively calm. We could hear people moving out from their cabins towards the lifeboat deck. All of them were familiar with the muster list posted at the alleyways. Each person knew his duties. 

 

Passage 20 

Generally deck officers, with the Captain, will take the leading role in the lifeboat drill. The engineers will test the lifeboat engines, or help out with machinery like hoisting motor, gravity brake. The catering department will be in charge of blankets, and other necessities of survival. Because of the cold weather, all that took part in the drill wore woolen clothing to keep warm. Each person wore his own life jacket. As they assembled underneath the lifeboats, one group to port and another to starboard, their names were called up. The deck officer in charge of that lifeboat will verify the names to make sure that nobody is missing. In this case, the engineer on duty was exempted from the drill. He had to look after the engines. The ship was still running at full speed. 

 

Passage 21 

A person putting out to sea will most certainly encounter rough seas. A foreign-going ship travels in all kinds of weather and seasons, The most severe sea conditions occur during the winter months. Below is an essay on the experiences of a seaman on board a foreign-going ship: For all its sophistication, the ship is still a floating object in the vast ocean. It is subjected to the waves and the winds. The most commonly encountered movements of a ship are the rolling and pitching movements. Rolling can even occur dining mild weather. Rolling is a rotational motion of a ship about the longitudinal axis, while pitching is in the transverse axis. In more severe weather, all kinds of movements are encountered. Very often. all of these movement come together. No wonder people get seasick! 

 

Passage 22 

Have you ever wondered what would happen if all the electrical generators were stopped? Or tripped due to abnormal operating conditions? If that were to happen, there will not be any electricity on board, and all the motors on board will stop. This means that all the pumps driven by motors will also stop. The main propulsion engine, boilers steering gear, air compressors and other equipment will be stopped. All the lighting and ventilation fans will also be off. There will only be some small amount of light from battery supplied emergency lights. 

The engine room will be very dark. The engineers will move around using torch-lights. They have to work fast. The batteries for the lighting have quite a limited charge. The ventilation is off, and the engine room can become stuffy and hot in a short while. 

 

 

Passage 23 

In the case of a fire on board ship, each person on board has to carry out his assigned duty. Each person has a specific task to do. Fire drills are conducted as soon as the ship departs on a long journey. Usually it is about one day after departure. 

Engineering staffs will attend to equipment in the engine room. In case of fire in the machinery space, the engineering staffs will play the major role in controlling the fire, and putting it out. In case of fire on the deck, the navigation staffs will be the frontline fire fighters, while the engineering staffs will play a supporting role. 

In a normal situation, the Captain and the Chief Engineer will be overall in charge of the fire-fighting operation, and the Chief Officer and the Second Engineer Officer will assist them. 

 

 

Passage 24 

we just have a scavenge fire in our main engine and now the cylinder liner is cracked !

Bad news! We are in the middle of the ocean and we have a cylinder liner crack. The engine cannot be run long in this Condition. The leaking water is finding its way into the lubricating oil. There is air lock in the cooling water and the temperatures cannot be maintained. The liner has to be changed. It is going to be a major repair job.

   The most logical step to take then is to isolate the faulty cylinder. Once that was decided, all the engine room personnel started their preparation. In addition to the tools normally used for dismantling piston and cylinder head, some special components like blanks have to be prepared to isolate compressed air, scavenging air, cylinder cooling water, piston cooling water, fuel valve cooling water, fuel oil, and cylinder lubrication oil from the rest of the engine. 

 

Passage 25 

Shipyard training is essential for the young Marine Engineer A shipyard is the place where ships come in for major repairs, The marine engineer will be able to observe and work with skilled tradesmen to do various repairs on the many types of main engines, boilers, pumps, shafting, hull, deck machinery, from different types of ships. 

He will also be able to observe how riggers transport heavy equipment, how mechanics open up huge propellers, how hull painters clear barnacles from hulls, how boiler repairs are done, how piping are renewed, and valves reconditioned, and many others. 

 

 

Passage 26 

Why is it so quiet? I woke up asking myself. Not even the generators are running! Very unusual! Then I realized. My ship was in dry dock. This was the only time when the generators were not running. Even while the ship was at anchorage or alongside the wharf, the noise from the generators was ever present. But not now. The dry dock is the repair or service yard for the ship. The whole ship is brought to dry land so that the submerged portions of the hull can be cleaned or inspected. The dry-docking is done every 12 months to 24 months. Of course, because there will be machinery and systems that cannot stop while the ship is in use, these are also serviced, repaired or replaced at the same time. 

 

Passage 27 

Large ships are brought in to a graving dock that consists of a large basin with a gate that can be closed watertight. After the ship is positioned over carefully arranged resting blocks, the water from the basin is pumped out. As the water level drops, the ship gradually rests on the blocks. Wooden wedges are then knocked in to take up any clearances between the hull of the ship and the resting blocks. In another arrangement the whole basin can be floated and submerged at will like a submarine. The basin is first submerged and the ship is brought into position as before. Once the ship is in position, the basin is floated up, bring the ship above the water level. This is called a floating dock. 

 

 

Passage 28 

For safety purposes, fire hoses connected to shore hydrants are laid on deck and pressurized. Precautions are taken to avoid tools or other materials from falling from the sides of the ship. Safety helmets are a must. Cables or hoses do not obstruct excess to passageways. Fire extinguishers are made available near welding sites. For long stay or cold climates, water in engines or pipes has to be drained away to prevent freezing. Some of the normal utilities may not be functional at that time. Often, the seamen will have to use the shore shower and toilet facilities. If for any reason cooling seawater is not supplied to the air-conditioning system on board by hoses, then there will not be air-conditioning. 

 

 

Passage 29 

To the ship`s personnel, this is a busy time. Although shipyard workers will do a lot of work, many of the repair and servicing work will be assigned to them. As with everybody working on the ship, this is a time to be extra careful on safety. Many people are working in the same place at the same time. Some rigging workers are lifting heavy materials using chain blocks, while some machinery workers are dismantling foundation bolts for the engine below. Some welders are cutting pipes just a few feet away. Some workers have removed floor plates so that they can crawl down to inspect the cofferdam. Engine mechanics have dripped lubrication oil on the floor while removing the main bearings. People on the next level are cleaning the boiler tubes, and soot has spilled on the floor. The whole ship, especially the engine room has become a mess. 

 

 

Passage 30 

In your cabin you became aware of the movement of the ship as you dragged yourself up from your bed. Being a Third Engineer Officer, your time of work was from 4.00 a.m. to 8.00 a.m. After freshening up a bit, you put on your overalls, came out from your cabin, and opened the door to the engine room. It was now about 3. 45 a.m. local ships time. 

Immediately, you noticed the heat and noise. The door was heavily padded to absorb all the noise from the engine room. As a 3rd Engineer Officer, your cabin was quite high up in the accommodation block. When you were doing watch in the afternoon, you normally stepped outdoors to see the funnel of the ship before you entered into the engine room. You wanted to see the color of the smoke coming out from the funnel. When the engines are running in good condition, the smoke is colorless. Black smoke, blue smoke, or white smoke indicates that something is not working right. 

 

 

Passage 31 

The Marine Engineer is trained in tradesman skills because any repairs on board ship must be done on board the ship itself. The nearest shore repair facility might be 1000 miles away, or the port of call may be in a forested area far away from workshops. 

The training done at the college is the starting point for any skills training. With the knowledge and proper guidance from instructors, the proper handling of welding electrodes, oxy-acetylene torch, cylinders, lathe machines, milling machines, shaping machines, drilling machines will be very useful when the Marine Engineer has to put the skills to use. 

Once he has learned the theoretical aspects of the skills, he has to spend time to work on his physical skills, which is what is required in actual use. In order to do a good repair work, he must practice, practice and practice. On board a ship, a marine engineer may have to do vertical arc welding in ship rolling condition. Although the weld may not look very nice. but because he knows what he is doing, the penetration is sufficient to produce a strong weld. 

 

 

 

Passage 32 

A Marine Engineer is also called upon to be skillful in adjustments of controls, so that the processes can be stable. In machine repairs, he has to be able to open up bearings, sleeves. rusty nuts and bolts, change valve packing. reconditioning valve seats. 

He will also he called upon to fix any emergency repair when ordinary repairs cannot be used. One example of this is to stop a leaking sea water pipe that is below the sea level. The normal repair will be to patch up the pipe by welding, or replace the pipe. In a diesel engine, if one cylinder or piston has deve1oped a crack, he must be able to isolate the cylinder and still run the main engine. If the stern tube seal at the propeller shaft leaks in seawater, he must be able to do some temporary measures to stop water from coming in through the stern tube. 

In short, he must have the skill to make do with whatever he has available to do a temporary fix, and continue to run the ship until she arrives at a repair facility where a permanent repair can be done. 

 

 

Passage 33 

Fire drills are meant to prepare the crew for any fire that can occur in any part of the ship. By design the engine room and machinery spaces are well protected by fire protection systems. Portable fire extinguishers provide the first line of defense for small fires. Fire hoses provide the second line of defense for a larger lire. Fixed foam piping over oil tanks, boilers, and oily areas provide protection for oil fires, Remote quick-closing valves are installed at oil tank outlets so that they can be closed at a secure position to cut off the supply of oil that feeds an oil fire. 

If the fire has become too huge and cannot be controlled by the hoses, all the people will evacuate from the engine room. Doors, skylights, hatches and other openings will be tightly closed and all the ventilation fans will be stopped. Carbon dioxide gas will be used to flood the whole engine room as a last resort. 

 

 

Passage 34 

The housing of a general service seawater pump is badly corroded. Jack intends to patch up the corroded parts by using plastic steel repair kit compound. But the valve servicing this pump cannot be closed properly Most probably the valve sent is already damaged. 

In order to patch up the corroded pump housing using plastic steel, Jack has to ensure that the pump housing is completely dry. It`s in the instructions. Wet areas will not stick. 

The problem Jack has to solve is how to make the pump housing dry. He wants to do a good repair job. He knows that the plastic steel compound he has will not stick well to any wet surface on the pump housing. Further-more, the amount of seawater coming out is a lot! The valve cannot be closed properly. The compound will take at least one day to set to full strength. It`s a not advisable to keep the leaking water flowing out like this. It will increase the engine room bilge. 

What advice will you give Jack? 

 

 

Passage 35 

The problem Jack has to solve is how to repair the leaking seawater pipe. He knows that the wall of the pipe is already very thin due to corrosion. He cannot afford to do patching up by arc welding. The heat from the arc will melt the thin wall of the pipe and create a bigger hole than now. Furthermore, the seawater is connected to the diesel generator mains. If he were to shut off the seawater supply, the generators will be overheated and trip. If the generators were stopped, there will not be any electrical power on board his ship not even to the welding set. His ship is in the middle of the pacific Ocean, too far away from the nearest repair yard. His ship does not keep any spare pipe of this size. 

What advice will you give Jack? 

 

 

Passage 36 

September 11th or 9/Il stands out in our minds for obvious reasons However there was another 9/Il, 9th September 1947, when a crankcase explosion on the Pacific killed 28 men and injured 23 and led to the development of crankcase relief valves and oil mist detectors. Of course there had been crankcase explosions before this, but none which had such devastating consequences. Between 1990 and 2001 , 143 crankcase explosions were reported to Lloyds Register which have about 20% of the worlds shipping in its class, so if we use that as a factor, we can estimate the total reported incidents were 715 in 11 years or about 65 a year. Don t forget that these are reportable incidents, i. e. those where the damage sustained has warranted a major repair or has resulted in injury. Minor explosions may have gone unreported, and it is possible that the actual number of incidents is more than double those reported maybe 3 a week!! Of those incidents reported to Lloyds, 21 explosions happened in two stroke engines and 122 in four stroke engines.

 

 

37.Cracks in the cylinder and cylinder covers may result from unequal heating.The cylinder covers should be regularly vented by opening the vent cocks.Cracks usually resulting from local overheating are caused by troubles with the fuel pumps or one or more cylinders not firing. If indicator diagrams are taken at regular intervals, any unequal distribution of load will be easily found out.Therefore,most troubles likely to occur with marine diesel engine can,if located in time,be remedied with no difficulty and many can be avoided if the engine is maintained with a high sense of responsibility to the people on the part of the motormen and engineers.

 

 

38. A recent incident involving a crankcase explosion on a large slow speed diesel engine caused injury to one of the engineers and extensive damage to the engine and machinery space. In the event, the time between the oil mist detection alarm/request for slow down and the crankcase explosion was just a few minutes and therefore the following control system feature, if not already fitted, is now recommended: To expedite the slowdown of the engine in the event of the high concentration of oil mist in the crankcase. The slowdown should be affected automatically instead of manually with only a few seconds delay and should override the normal load down curve.

 

39. Once the standby auxiliary generator has automatically started and connected to the switchboard the slow down should further reduce the main engine rpm to the pre – set slow down value. If over – ride facilities are provided for the oil mist slowdown and the low lubricating oil pressure shutdown then these are to be independent. A single – ride switch would not be permitted. At this time the opportunity should also be taken to remind ships’ staff that during crankcase inspections, special attention must always be given to the checks of the oil collection/drain trunk for any particles of bearing material.

 

40. The vessel's fuel records indicate that two days before the occurrence the generator service tank contained 10 tons of fuel oil Following the blackout, the second engineer, upon finding air in, the fuel systems of generators No. 1 and 3, immediately opened the valve to supply the system from the main engine diesel oil service tank, which reportedly contained 11 tons of fuel. Diesel oil flowed by gravity from the main engine service tank to the generator service tank and later, the low level alarm light for the generator service tank extinguished. Once fuel was supplied from the main engine diesel oil service tank to the generators .were started and normal power was re - established to the vessel.

 

41. Fuel handling is one of the most critical operational routines on board any vessel.Twelve hours before the blackout on board, the generator service tank low level alarm gave an indication that the level in the tank had dropped to a minimum acceptable level. Not withstanding the altered log book entries, the chief engineer and the engine room watch keepers were aware that the alarm was on and that the tank level might be low; however, no shipboard safety management procedures were in place to ensure that an adequate level of fuel was maintained or that fuel was transferred to the tank. As a result, even though the alarm continued to give an indication of low fuel level up to the time of the occurrence. no decision was made to transfer fuel ,resulting in fuel starvation to the generators and loss of power to the vessel.

 

42. The electrical distribution system on board a ship is usually arranged so that in case of heavy overloaded usage , non-essential loads will trip first. Machinery is classified as essential and non-essential. Examples of non-essential loads are : fans , compressor , crane , lathe , grinder , air conditioning , deck powered equipment like cooking , baking oven , etc . Essential loads are mostly equipment that is related to the working of the main engine , steering gear and the safety of the ship . Examples of these are : Cooling seawater pump , jacket cooling water pump , piston cooling water pump , lubrication oil pump , fuel valve cooling water pump , turbocharger oil pump , stern tube lubrication oil pump , stern tube seal oil pump , steering gear pump , fire and general service pump , bilge pump , main air compressor , auxiliary seawater pump , auxiliary air compressor , condensate water pump , fuel oil booster pump .

 

43. If some fore doors must be held open, then it is possible to prevent fire and smoke spreading in the initial stage by covering the opening with a light, non-inflammable material, for example fiberglass cloth. while portable fire extinguishers, CO2 bottles and similar equipment have to be recharged, this should be done as far as possible on board. if it is deemed more practicable to bring such equipment ashore, replacement equipment shall be brought on board.

 

44. Any change concerning vessel's fire protection status shall be immediately informed to the shipyard . If there were fire on board ,alarm should be immediately activated.Alarm system between vessel and shipyard as well as fire brigade should always exist. Vessel's safety system should be as far as possible be kept intact .Arrange necessary and adequate lighting or even retro-reflective tape for escape from the engine area and other areas where are difficult to evacuate.

 

45. At port,the ship master shall post notices on methods of summon the Fire Brigade,together with such other services which he may consider necessary. One notice shall in a conspicuous position in the accommodation. In the event of fire at port ,the closest liaison between the ship and shore authorities shall be maintained. Shore authorities and others shall be aware of the danger due to loss of stability by the use of large quantities of water and are to be remained of this where necessary.

 

46. The cases of distresses for ships may depend upon different situations which ships encountered, such as stress of weather, neglectful duty of crew, incorrect operation of conning officers,and so on.Ships may suffer from fire,collision,explosion,disabled or adrift situation, flooding, grounding,capsizing,so on and so forth.Provided that a ship strikes a rock and severe leakage is caused in the forward;the creak has several meters long causing a large quantity of water to flow in and it is beyond her reach to pump the water out.

 

47. The IMO SMCP is not intended to provide a comprehensive maritime English syllabus.which is expected to cover a far wider range of language skills to be achieved in the fields of vocabulary.grammar,discourse abilities,etc.than the IMO SMCP could ever manage. However,part A in particular should be an indispensable part of any curriculum which is designed to meet the corresponding requirements of the STCW convention 1978,as revised.In addition,part B offers a rich choice of situations coveted by phrases well suited to meet the communication requirements of the STCW convention.

 

48. At about 0200 on 16 April 2004,the duty engineer on board the Panama registered bulk carrier/ Harmonic Progress discovered/ that the main ballast line was leaking /and the engine room bilge /was filling with the ballast water. Despite an immediate temporary repair /and utilizing pumps /to try and clear the bilge, the water level continued /to rise until it reached a height /at which/ it caused an electrical short /in both main engine lubricating oil pump motors,which disabled the main engine.The master reported the engine room flooding/ to the ship's managers/ who arranged for two tugs/ to take the ship in tow.

 

49. The motor vessel Walter struck an unknown submerged object , pipercing the hull and subsequently flooding the vessel's engine room.The vessel's crew attempted to stop the flooding while at the mooring, but the efforts were unsuccessful. The crew shut down the engines,sealed the flooding engine room and everybody got off the ship. Clearly, the next step is to get the water out of the ship, but that comes with a hitch. If there are any petroleum products like grease or oil in the water,you cannot just pump it back into the harbor. It depends on what's in the water.

 

51, The system of watches adopted on board ship is usually a four period working with eight hours rest for the members of each watch . The three watches in any 12 hour period are usually 12-4,4-8 and 8-12.The watch keeping arrangements and the make up of the watch will be decided by the Chief Engineer.Factors to be taken into account in this matter will include the type of ship,the type of machinery and degree of automation,the qualifications and experience of the members of the watch,any special conditions such as weather,ship location,international and local regulations,etc.

 

52. Where a sea casualty has occurred to a ship and the life and property on board have thus been threatened,the Master shall, with crew members and other persons on board under his command, make best efforts to run to the rescue. Upon abandoning the ship,the Master must take all measures first to evacuate the passengers safely from the ship, in an orderly way, then make arrangements for crew members to evacuate, while the Master shall be the last to evacuate. Before leaving the ship, the Master shall direct the crew members to do their utmost to rescue the deck log book, the engine log book, the oil record book, the radio log book, the charts, documents and papers used in the current voyage, as well as valuables, postal matters and cash money.

 

53. All lifeboat and rescue boat engines run for a total period of not less than 3 min provided the ambient temperature is above the minimum required for starting and running the engine. During this period of time ,it should be demonstrated that the gearbox and gearbox train are engaging satisfactorily. If the special characteristics of an outboard motor fitted to a rescue boat would not allow it to be run other than with its propeller submerged for a period of 3 min, it should be run for such period as prescribed in the manufacturer’s handbook. In special cases the Administration may waive this requirement for ships constructed before 1July 1986. 

 

54. An alarm practice “ABANDON THE SHIP” shall include the following;

(a)putting out alarm practice.

(b)a knowledge review based on the breakdown of crew and passenger activities and procedures.

(c)Assembling the crew and passengers.

(d)a review of the prescribed gear and life-vests.

(e)the preparation for launching life-boats and rafts,the control of the life-boat equipment and launching life-boats to the deck level or on water; in case of launching the life-boats on water,testing all types of the bost driving forces, pulling up and securing of the life -boats and rafts.

(f)starting and reviewing the function of the life-boat engine and the emergency ship aggregate.

(g)a revision of the ship’s emergency lighting system,

(h)an instruction as per the annual plan-topic: ship abandonment.

(i)the alarm practice evaluation.

 55.

​	Recently,attention of the public is seriously paid to the ship's safety and prevention of marine pollution. The ship-owners,managers and shipmasters are required to upgrade their maintenance work of their ships. The Port Authorities all over the world have established Port State Control systems and enhanced the inspections at the ports in order to avoid substandard ships. The society observed not a few cases where ships passed the society’s periodical surveys without specific defects have been detained by the Port Authorities through the Port State Control mostly due to lack of proper maintenance of the ship. The shipmasters are therefore expected to take proper arrangement for the maintenance and keep their ships always fine and safe.

56. An oil spill is the release of a liquid petroleum hydrocarbon into the environment due to a human activity,and is a form 

​	An oil spill is the release of a form of oil into the environment due to human activity. The oil often refers to oil spills, where oil is released into the ocean, sea or river. The oil may be a variety of materials, including refined petroleum products（ such as fuel or lube oil ） or by products, oil bunkers,oily refuse or oil mixed in water. Spills take months or even years to clean up. Most of oil pollution comes from land-based activity, but public attention regulation has tended to focus most sharply on seagoing oil tankers.

57. Seabirds are severely affected by spill.The oil penetrates and opens up the structure of their plumage,reducing its insulating ability,and so making the bird more attrackable to temperature fluctuations and much less bouyant in the water.It also impairs birds'flight abilities,making it difficult or impossible to forage and escape from predators.As they arrempt to preen,bird typically ingest oil that coats their feathers,causing kidney damage,altered liver function,and digestive tract irritation.This and the limited foraging ability quickly cause dehydration and metabolic imbalances.Most bird affected by an oil spill die unless there is human intervention.

 

58. The International Labour Organization's Maritime Labour Convention 2006 stipulates that all ships shall carry a medicine chest ,medical equipment and a medical guide.The international Medical Guide for ships supports a main principal of that convention ;to ensure that seafarers are given health protection and medical care as comparable as possible to that which is generally available to workers ashore.By carrying this guide on board ships,and following its instructions,countries can both fulfill their obligations under the terms of the Maritime Labour Convention 2006,and ensure the best possible health outcome for their seafaring population.

 

59. First aid is emergency care for a victim of sudden illness or injury until more skillful medical treatment is available.It may save a life or improve certain vital signs including pulse,temperature,a clear airway,and breathing.In minor emergencies,first aid may prevent a victim's condition from turning worse and provide relief from pain . First aid must be administered as quick as possible.In the case of the critically injured ,a few minutes can make the difference between compete recovery and loss of life.First-aid measures depend upon a victim 's needs and the provider's level of knowledge and skill.Knowing what not to do in a emergency is as important as knowing what to do.Improperly moving a person with a neck injury,for example ,can lead to permanent spinal injury and paralysis.

 
